# Write AnyThing

## WAT 2019

##### 2019.5.19

###### 2019.5.19.1

It finally begins. By it, I mean my site, hopes, and dreams. Well, actually I
have no idea what it will be, but I'll at least be writing some stuff.

I've been blocking myself by over complicating the process. I wanted a site that
looks good and functions perfectly when all I really needed to get started is
really a single text file. I've begun and hope to go for the long run.

###### 2019.5.19.2

I've tried making stuff before. I wanted to make high quality content when I
could barely come up with it. Discouraged, I ended up stopping.

But now I care less about quality, at least in this context, and more about the
ideas that pop in my head. That's why I call this "Write AnyThing" or "WAT".

###### 2019.5.19.3

I actually wanted to specially format my data into a database of some sort. I
have decided to do that later and simply tag each idea with an ID. This one is
"2019.5.19.3".

I hope to refer to my previous ideas by these IDs in the future. Later on, if
the need arises, I can easily do some text processing on this file and store its
contents into a database.

###### 2019.5.19.4

Just to remind myself, I want to do weekly reviews and definitely yearly
reviews.

###### 2019.5.19.5

In case I lose my memory, I use Arch (Linux) by the way. I also use Emacs.

I often tend to overthink things, but to me, that's what it means to be prepared
for almost any situation. And then I miss an edge case and everything blows up
anyways.

###### 2019.5.19.6

One of my purposes for WAT is to document my daily observations which
basically. Since I use Google to answer a lot of my questions, I can only assume
Google is already doing that for me. Anyways, basically, any question or idea I
have ever asked or thought of will go here.

###### 2019.5.19.7

[WAT]

WAT is intended to be primarily an append only sort of log aka diary. I might
mention the same idea at different points in time, so I'll probably want to tag
ideas when possible. If something like this `[a,b,c]` appears after the idea ID
(e.g. 2019.5.19.7), each element in the list is a tag.

###### 2019.5.19.8

[git, GitHub, push]

I almost dismissed the fact that I had some trouble pushing to GitHub. The error
message I got when I tried to pushing to `origin master` is `push declined due
to email privacy restrictions`. I [solved
this](https://github.community/t5/How-to-use-Git-and-GitHub/push-declined-due-to-email-privacy-restrictions/m-p/12755/highlight/true#M4143)
by unchecking the box in my settings that says "Block command line pushes that
expose my email". My email being exposed currently isn't a concern for me. I'll
deal with it when it is, which may involve changing or creating a new email or
complicated filters.
